as I'm here today with Scott from zip
wheels how's it going good good okay
awesome so take us through what you guys
have some this year
it's been a big year for us we've had
total amount and products launched
probably the most exciting i'll start
out with then is our new sub 9 disk okay
this is a direct result of taking you
know about a hundred prototypes into the
wind tunnel about this time last year
ago and with this particular prototype
we hit a negative drag decide to put it
in production okay and by negative drag
I mean at 15 degrees your angle you're
going to get a propulsion
actually checking out we've got it
charted out these were our results from
the San Diego tunnel this line here
represents your grams of drag with a sub
9 disk compared to our regular zip desk
okay so you know between 10 and 20
degrees wind angle which is a very
common wind angle especially into
England you're going to have you know a
negative drag ass well
so on top of that we've also been
working with power tapper quite a while
back over and we've actually gone into
developing our own that uses the power
tap electronic okay so this is the first
and only power measuring kiss that's
going to be available okay we've had
slipstream on it for a couple months now
sure yeah
it should go into production here
sometime later this year okay Wow
that's you everyone's been talking a lot
about that wheel oh yeah
yeah and they kind of its counterpart
anyone is our 1080 okay it's good the
same surface area is a try spoke
although it destroys it the wind tunnel
okay
it was kind of taking an 808 to the next
level okay
work with a couple different molds and
we found that manipulating the shape
playing around with different versions
of this that we came up with this room
that actually up to about 13 degrees
beats a lot of disks so super great
front wheel still gives you that great
soup fried
is to no compromise both wheel so I
think you're going to see a lot of these
Iron Man flight as you okay as a rear
wheel so
I did a relatively deep rear wheel there
last year last year was pretty windy
compared to you know previous years it
wasn't so bad last year I was like whoa
but it's nice to know you can get away
with it you know it's a bigger guy can
sit on that wheel so soon yeah one of
the
tips and I always get that somebody is
if you stagger your wheels and have a
meal with more surface area in the back
of the bike who is going to have a
stabilizing effect as you're carrying
more side went underneath the majority
of your weight taking some of the
emphasis your for okay look at that this
is educational as well that's awesome
you guys have anything else here at the
booth that we should know about absolute
for a more entry-level wheel we have our
flashpoint series we've had these out
for about three years now okay and this
is a complete redesign we're still using
our rim that's manufactured in the same
factory as the rest of the zip wheels
and speedway Indiana okay we use a
outsourced tub okay so let's say Kim
spoke what's going to been completely
redesigned it's a super step super rare
and I am a cry
I remember seeing that didn't know who
is some like his freshman
it's actually out of an open world
look at this
that's awesome
the most
almost blinged-out new product that we
have is our ummah quad crank okay this
is a no holds you know best you can get
lightweight crank for the whole setup
it's 570 grams with bottom bracket wow
so you know comparing it to you know a
lot at the top in drivetrains out there
you're going to say 150 200 grams over
also test super well for stiffness Obama
has great shifting and just kind of all
around cool stuff yeah it's available
and both ceramic and standard steel
bearings okay so it's been a great shout
about some of the ishares an aero bars
or something
probably the most important for
you know our triathlete severe bugera
their hookah bold flip combo okay
both offer a wide range of adjustability
while retaining the other aerodynamic
factors this one in particular you can
adjust your pads to where they're
touching or just about to your hand
grips with our extender kit we also
offer a riser kit okay
the real cool thing about this guy is
the oblong college system we use so by
rotating the collets you can adjust your
your extenders pretty good variety of
positions Oh interesting ok what it
comes down to is you take this to one of
your your favorite fitter and they can
spend you know a good amount of time
getting that perfect position slightly
out slightly down or slightly up okay
and we also offer ski tips tray chicane
extensions okay very cool
and then well thank you very much in the
universe out of you say goodbye really
appreciate your time thanks for